feat: add monitoring guide (#16)
KILTprotocol/docs: docs/chain/collator.md

## Monitoring

> It would be ideal if monitoring is done from a different host however in cases of resource constraints it would be better to run these monitoring tools on the same machine where your collator is running than not having.The following Monitoring stack is recommended.

Reviewer: For better git diffs we try to always have a single sentence per line.

```suggestion
It would be ideal if monitoring is done from a different host however in cases of resource constraints it would be better to run these monitoring tools on the same machine where your collator is running than not having monitoring at all.
The following Monitoring stack is recommended.
```

> You can either run grafana by your own or subscribe free cloud option here https://grafana.com/products/cloud/. 

Reviewer: I always like to have a link that describes itself. (i.e. I prefer: "[a nice blockchain project](https://kilt.io)" over "a nice blockchain project ([here](https://kilt.io))")

```suggestion
You can either run grafana by yourself or use the [hosted service of grafana](https://grafana.com/products/cloud/). 
```

> NB: if you want to use cloud option you need to expose prometheus to outside access by chaning the ports section to ```  - "9090:9090"``` and reverse proxying with webserver is recommended.

Reviewer: * What does `NB` stand for?

```suggestion
NB: if you want to use cloud option you need to expose prometheus to outside access by changing the ports section to `- "9090:9090"` and reverse proxying with web server is recommended.
```

- Prometheus
- Grafana
- Node exporter
- Slack

There are two types of metrics we are going to collect. **Node Metrics** and **Blockchain Metrics.**

### Prerequisite
```
sudo curl -L "https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/download/1.29.2/docker-compose-$(uname -s)-$(uname -m)" -o /usr/local/bin/docker-compose
sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/docker-compose
sudo ln -s /usr/local/bin/docker-compose /usr/bin/docker-compose

> ```

Reviewer: Might be best to link to the official docker compose guide? We would need to update if there is a new version or anything.

Steps:

> 1. Clone or download our monitoring template from this link  https://github.com/KILTprotocol/docs

Reviewer: you can add links with `[text...](https://link-to-website)`

2. Change directory to the above cloned project's collator directory: ```cd docs/collator```
3. Edit .env file to have your change grafana admin password

> 4. Run the following command if you want to install only prometheus and node exporter
>    ```./start-collator.sh```

Reviewer: No need to put that in a separate line. It will be formatted as one line anyways

```suggestion
4. Run the following command if you want to install only prometheus and node exporter `./start-collator.sh`
```

5. If you want to install prometheus with grafana comment line 6 of ``` start-collator.sh``` and uncomment line 7 then run step 4

> 6. if you want to install prometheus, grafana and your collator with docker-compose comment line 6  of ``` start-collator.sh``` and uncomment line 8 then run  step 4

Reviewer: i think that all the references to lines etc are quite hard to follow. Also if we change the files this will all change too. We will most likely change the files without updating the guide and than it's even harder to follow.

### Testing
You could open and check HOST_IP:3000  then authenticate with admin:ADMIN_PASSWORD you set in .env at step 3.

### Configuring Notification channel
Choose anyone of the notification channels and follow this documentation so that you get alerts and notifications when there are critical alerts

> https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/alerting/old-alerting/notifications/

Reviewer: please use `[text...](https://link-to-website)` an inline link.
